Addition of Certificate param to Connect-MicrosoftTeams (#10342)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Connect-MicrosoftTeams.md

Connect-MicrosoftTeams -CertificateThumbprint "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX" -ApplicationId "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" -TenantId "YYYYYYYY-YYYY-YYYY-YYYY-YYYYYYYYYYYY"
```

### Example 5: Connect to MicrosoftTeams using a certificate object

> This example demonstrates how to authenticate using a certificate object. The Certificate parameter is available from Teams PowerShell Module version 4.9.2-preview or later. For details on Application-based authentication and supported cmdlets, please see [Application-based authentication in Teams PowerShell Module](/MicrosoftTeams/teams-powershell-application-authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to authenticate using a certificate object. The Certificate parameter is available from Teams PowerShell Module version 4.9.2-preview or later. For details about application-based authentication and supported cmdlets, see [Application-based authentication in Teams PowerShell Module](/MicrosoftTeams/teams-powershell-application-authentication).
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Certificate

> Specifies the certificate that's used for application-based authentication. A valid value is the X509Certificate2 object value of the certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the certificate that is used for application-based authentication. A valid value is the X509Certificate2 object value of the certificate.
```

> This parameter has been introduced with version 4.9.2-preview. For more information about Application-based authentication and supported cmdlets, see [Application-based authentication in Teams PowerShell Module](/MicrosoftTeams/teams-powershell-application-authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter has been introduced with version 4.9.2-preview. For more information about application-based authentication and supported cmdlets, see [Application-based authentication in Teams PowerShell Module](/MicrosoftTeams/teams-powershell-application-authentication).
```
